## Districts
### Thousand Swords
Thousand Swords is the pinnacle of the city and is still in the process of being built. Many of the buildings in the district are narrow and peaked, giving the district its name. There are few walkways in the district with most residents choosing to get around either by personal transportation devices or via translocation. The district is mostly filled with the mansions and penthouses of the ultra-rich and is guarded not by the city guard but instead by their own personal militia. 
### Aurora
Cascade, or the aurora district, represents a shift between the top two districts and the rest of Clover Station. Less than 1% of the total population of Clover Station lives in either Aurora or Thousand Swords with most of the residents being either from old money or own businesses which operate in western Vintus. The high winds require the use of covered walkways, often of colored glass which gives the region a uniquely colorful look, with colorful walkways crisscrossing the sky like an aurora.
### Topside
Above Southport and Newport, the city extends upwards in a mess of towers and walkways, with the sun only peaking through a few unique gaps. Topside makes up the first few levels of these towers and serves as housing for the upper middle class. There are plenty of shops, restaurants, offices, and anything else to keep the district isolated from the rest of the city. Many people who live in Topside leave the district rarely, if ever.
### Southport
Southport along with Newport make up the surface level of Clover Station, with Southport being the industrial and logistical center of the city. Since Clover Station does not sit on the coast, the process of moving materials from the port town of Murray to the city and vise-versa is foundational to the city's success, this has lead to most of the buildings in Southport are warehouses and offices. The Clover Station central guards barracks is also in Southport, with the district needing strict supervision to prevent thieves from stealing incoming and outgoing materials.
### Newport
Newport serves as the public entrance and exit for the city. As such the region is always in constant motion, with porters and travelers constantly moving in and out. Most of most popular inns and hotels are located in this district and the number of bars is rivaled only by the Prominade. Newport is also home to most of the young middleclass of Clover Station, with young squids living in Newport and working in Topside.
### Prominade
Located just below surface level, the Prominade is the center for entertainment within Clover Station. During the construction of Clover Station on top of what was once the Barlow mining town, almost 200ft of dirt and stone were excavated, leaving a large bowl shape which would serve as the foundation for the city as well as a space for industry. Evidently, the industry kept moving down and after the disaster which would create the Pit, many enterprising entertainment companies took up many of the old warehouses and factories and turned them into bars and venues.
### Barlow
The remains of the old Barlow mine. While the tunnels have been widened or combined with other tunnels, the stone walls and supports still leave that unique mineshaft feeling. Most streets are lit and common folk feel comfortable walking the streets, though most would rather live somewhere where they can see the sun. Unlike Buckethead the streets are actively monitored by the guard to prevent the crime from Buckethead from spilling up into Barlow.

While Clover Station is not known for its manufacturing, Barlow is home to most of the cities forges, factories, and lower income businesses.
### Buckethead
Built out of the remains of the new Barlow mine. While most of the supports of the area have been replaced to better support the city above, the district still maintains a mineshaft look with sprawling interconnected tunnels connecting larger caverns. Roads are tight with only the major thoroughfares being lit. Homes and businesses have been built along or into the walls of the mineshafts. Caverns, either formed naturally or from cave-ins, serve as community hubs and hold most of the businesses in the area.